User Stories
 
1) As a user, I would like to have access to Wodstar's extensive video library and digital stills for reference of movement, skill, and mobility.
2. As a user, I would like to access a list of “Benchmark” WODs so that I can complete the workouts when working out on my own.
3. As a user, I would like to have a timer that leads me through an entire session where each movement is broken down into intervals and timed so that I do not have to keep track of time.
4. As a user, I would like to be able to use a stopwatch-like timer so that I can track my performance in timed workouts from beginning to end. (counting up from zero, or down from 100 or anything in between)
5. As a user, I would like to be able to manually enter in the reps and weights that I
achieved for individual exercises so that I can track my progress similar to a personal journal.
6. As a user, I would like to be able to view leaderboards for personal records and
completion times for all Wodstar users so that I can compare myself against my peers as well as my performance over time.
7. As a user, I would like to be able to compare my performance on standardized
workouts against similar users based on age, gender, and ability so that I can see where I compare. (3 levels of skill, green circle, blue square, black diamond.)
8. As a user, I would like to be able to post my workout statistics for the day on
Facebook and/or Twitter so that I can share my progress with my friends.
9. As a user, I would like to log in to my account via Facebook or a device login such as Google Play for ease of use.
10. As a user, I would like to be able to compare my metrics (time, weights) with other members of my gym/Wodstar users so I can compare my performance.
11. As a user, I would like to be able to see an aggregate report of my performance for standardized workouts over various time periods so that I can track my progress.
12. As a user, I would like to be able to see which workouts I completed each day and what my statistics were for each workout so that I can measure my performance.
13. As a user, I would like to be able to receive calendar events from my coach and be able to save them into my phone or email calendar so that I can synchronize my Wodstar events with the rest of my schedule.
14. As a user, I would like to have the option to create an account separately from social media in case I do not have an account or do not want to link them.
15. As a user, I would like to be able to “check-in” to whatever Box I may be Crossfitting at via Facebook.
 
Coach Stories


16. As a coach and user, I would like to be able to access a calculator to calculate
percentages of my maximum weights to better plan the weight and reps required for
individual exercises.
17. As a coach, I would like to be able to upload a schedule into my members’ calendar to allow them to keep track of workouts, training sessions and social events. I would like for this schedule to send reminders to my members on what to complete as “homework” before specific workouts.
18. As a coach, I would like to be able to send messages to my members, individually or as a group, of things that I feel they need to know or remember before the next
session.
19. As a coach, I would like to be able to share my own WODs with my members/gym so that they can prepare for each day’s workout or follow along at home or while traveling.
20. As a coach, I would like to be able to create my own WODs for my personal training clients from standardized Crossfit movements so that I can have a pre-made workout schedule on my phone.
